1	Odin	Odin	A major god in Norse mythology and the ruler of Asgard
2	Asgard	Asgard	One of the Nine Worlds and home to the Norse gods of the ?sir. It is surrounded by an incomplete wall attributed to a Hrimthurs riding the stallion Sva?ilfari, according to Gylfaginning. Odin and his wife, Frigg, are the rulers of this world
3	Bragi	Bragi	The skaldic god of poetry in Norse mythology
4	Freyr	Freyr	One of the most important gods of Norse paganism, associated with sacral kingship, virility and prosperity, with sunshine and fair weather, and was pictured as a phallic fertility god
5	Loki	Loki	A god or j?tunn (or both), the son of F?rbauti and Laufey, and the brother of Helblindi and B?leistr. By the j?tunn Angrbo?a, he is the father of Hel, the wolf Fenrir, and the world serpent J?rmungandr
6	Thor	Thor	A hammer-wielding god associated with thunder, lightning, storms, oak trees, strength, the protection of mankind, and also hallowing, healing and fertility
7	Freyja	Freyja	A goddess associated with love, beauty, fertility, gold, sei?r, war, and death. She is the owner of the necklace Br?singamen, rides a chariot pulled by two cats, owns the boar Hildisv?ni, possesses a cloak of falcon feathers, and, by her husband ??r, is the mother of two daughters, Hnoss and Gersemi
8	Gn?	Gn?	A goddess who runs errands in other worlds for the goddess Frigg and rides the flying, sea-treading horse H?fvarpnir
9	H?fvarpnir	H?fvarpnir	The flying, sea-treading horse rided by Gn?
10	J?tunheimr	J?tunheimr	One of the Nine Worlds and the homeland (heim 'home') of the Giants of Norse Mythology — Rock Giants and Frost Giants            
11	Midgard	Midgard	The name for the world (in the sense of oikoumene) inhabited by and known to humans in early Germanic cosmology, and specifically one of the Nine Worlds in Norse mythology
12	Niflheim	Niflheim	A realm of primordial ice and cold, with nine frozen rivers. According to Gylfaginning, it was one of the two primordial realms
13	Valhalla	Valhalla	A majestic, enormous hall located in Asgard, ruled over by the god Odin. Chosen by Odin, half of those who die in combat travel there upon death, led by valkyries, while the other half go to the goddess Freyja's field F?lkvangr
14	Yggdrasil	Yggdrasil	An immense tree that is central in Norse cosmology, on which the nine worlds existed
15	Ragnar?k	Ragnar?k	A series of future events, including a great battle foretold to ultimately result in the death of a number of major figures (including the gods Odin, Thor, T?r, Freyr, Heimdallr, and Loki), the occurrence of various natural disasters, and the subsequent submersion of the world in water. Afterward, the world will resurface anew and fertile, the surviving and returning gods will meet, and the world will be repopulated by two human survivors
16	Mj?lnir	Mj?lnir	The hammer of Thor, the Norse god of thunder. Distinctively shaped, Mj?lnir is depicted in Norse mythology as one of the most fearsome weapons, capable of leveling mountains. Though generally recognized and depicted as a hammer, it is sometimes referred to as an axe or club.
17	Gylfaginning	Gylfaginning	The first part of Snorri Sturluson's Prose Edda after Prologue. It deals with the creation and destruction of the world of the Norse gods, and many other aspects of Norse mythology
18	Sk?ldskaparm?l	Sk?ldskaparm?l	The second part of Snorri Sturluson's Prose Edda, it is effectively a dialogue between ?gir, the Norse god of the sea, and Bragi, the god of poetry, in which both Norse mythology and discourse on the nature of poetry are intertwined. The origin of a number of kennings are given and Bragi then delivers a systematic list of kennings for various people, places and things
19	Snorri Sturluson	Snorri Sturluson	An Icelandic historian, poet, and politician. He was twice elected lawspeaker at the Icelandic parliament, the Althing. He was the author of the Prose Edda or Younger Edda
20	?gir	?gir	A sea giant, god of the ocean and king of the sea creatures in Norse mythology. He is also known for hosting elaborate parties for the gods. His servants are Fimafeng (killed by Loki) and Eldir.
21	H?ttatal	H?ttatal	"The last section of the Prose Edda composed by the Icelandic poet, politician, and historian Snorri Sturluson. Using, for the most part, his own compositions, it exemplifies the types of verse forms used in Old Norse poetry. Snorri took a prescriptive as well as descriptive approach; he has systematized the material, and often notes that \""the older poets didn't always\"" follow his rules."
22	?sir	?sir	A member of the principal pantheon in the indigenous European religion known as Norse paganism. This pantheon includes Odin, Frigg, Thor, Balder and Tyr
23	Baldr	Baldr	Son of ??in, and the most gentle and most loved of the gods, suffered from nightmares. The ?sir, in counsel, could not unravel Baldr's dreams.
24	Vanir	Vanir	A group of gods associated with fertility, wisdom and the ability to see the future.
25	T?r	T?r	The god of Law, the althing, Justice, The Sky, and heroic glory, portrayed as a one-handed man
26	Frigg	Frigg	"A major goddess, she is said to be the wife of Odin, and is the \""foremost among the goddesses\"" and the queen of Asgard. She is also described as having the power of prophecy yet she does not reveal what she knows. Frigg is described as the only one other than Odin who is permitted to sit on his high seat Hlidskjalf and look out over the univers"
27	Fenrir	Fenrir	A monstrous wolf, the father of the wolves Sk?ll and Hati Hr??vitnisson, he is a son of Loki, and is foretold to kill the god Odin during the events of Ragnar?k, but will in turn be killed by Odin's son V??arr
28	J?rmungandr	J?rmungandr	A sea serpent, the middle child of the giantess Angrbo?a and the god Loki. he serpent grew so large that he was able to surround the earth and grasp his own tail. As a result, he received the name of the Midgard Serpent or World Serpent. When he lets go, the world will end. His arch-enemy is the god Thor
29	J?tunn	J?tunn	A mythological race, separate from the ?sir and Vanir but of comparable strength and ability
30	Forseti	Forseti	An ?sir god of justice and reconciliation in Norse mythology
31	Dellingr	Dellingr	The father of Dagr, the personified day. The Prose Edda adds that he is either the third husband of N?tt, the personified night, or the husband of J?r?, the personified day.
32	Vanaheimr	Vanaheimr	One of the Nine Worlds and home of the Vanir, a group of gods associated with fertility, wisdom, and the ability to see the future
33	?tgar?ar	?tgar?ar	One of the divisions of Jotunheim, land of the giants, ruled by Utgard-Loki, a great and devious giant featured in one of the myths concerning Thor and the other Loki who compete in rigged competitions held in the Outyards
34	?lfheimr	?lfheimr	One of the Nine Worlds and home of the Light Elves in Norse mythology and appears also in Anglo-Scottish ballads under the form Elfhame (Elphame, Elfame) as a fairyland, sometimes modernized as Elfland (Elfinland, Elvenland)
35	Surtr	Surtr	"An elder j?tunn, that is foretold as being a major figure during the events of Ragnar?k; carrying his bright sword, he will go to battle against the ?sir, he will do battle with the major god Freyr, and afterward the flames that he brings forth will engulf the Earth"
36	Bifr?st	Bifr?st	A burning rainbow bridge that reaches between Midgard (the world) and Asgard, the realm of the gods. This bridge ends in heaven at Himinbj?rg, the residence of the god Heimdallr, who guards it from the j?tnar. The bridge's destruction at Ragnar?k by the forces of Muspell is foretold. Scholars have proposed that the bridge may have originally represented the Milky Way and have noted parallels between the bridge and another bridge in Norse mythology, Gjallarbr?
37	Muspelheim	Muspelheim	"A realm of fire. This realm is one of the Nine Worlds and it is home to the fire j?tunn. It is fire; and the land to the North, Niflheim, is ice. The two mixed and created water from the melting ice in Ginnungagap"
38	Svart?lfar	Svart?lfar	Beings who dwell in Svart?lfaheimr
39	Dwarf	Dwarf	A being that dwells in mountains and in the earth, and is associated with wisdom, smithing, mining, and crafting. They are also described as short and ugly, although some scholars have questioned whether this is a later development stemming from comical portrayals of the beings
40	Einherjar	Einherjar	Those that have died in battle and are brought to Valhalla by valkyries. In Valhalla, they eat their fill of the nightly-resurrecting beast S?hr?mnir, and are brought their fill of mead (from the udder of the goat Hei?r?n) by valkyries. They prepare daily for the events of Ragnar?k, when they will advance for an immense battle at the field of V?gr??r
41	Hel	Hel	A being who presides over a realm of the same name, where she receives a portion of the dead
42	V?gr??r	V?gr??r	A large field foretold to host a battle between the forces of the gods and the forces of Surtr as part of the events of Ragnar?k
43	Hvergelmir	Hvergelmir	The wellspring of cold in Niflheim. All cold rivers are said to come from here, and it was said to be the source of the eleven rivers, ?liv?gar. Above the spring, the serpent N??h?ggr gnaws on one of the roots of the world tree, Yggdrasil
44	Ginnungagap	Ginnungagap	The vast, primordial void that existed prior to the creation of the manifest universe
45	Ymir	Ymir	A primeval being born of primordial elemental poison and the ancestor of all j?tnar
46	Gj?ll	Gj?ll	One of the eleven rivers traditionally associated with the ?liv?gar, according to Gylfaginning, originating from the wellspring Hvergelmir in Niflheim, flowing through Ginnungagap, and thence into the worlds of existence. In Hel, it is the river that flows closest to the gate of the underworld and is spanned by the bridge Gjallarbr?, which was crossed by Herm?d during his quest to retrieve Baldr from the land of the dead
47	Garmr	Garmr	A dog associated with Ragnar?k, and described as a blood-stained watchdog that guards Hel's gate
48	J?rnvi?r	J?rnvi?r	Aforest located east of Midgard, inhabited by troll women who bore giantesses and giant wolves
49	Angrbo?a	Angrbo?a	A female j?tunn (giantess) who was the mother of Loki's children, Fenrir and Hel, and also of the Midgard serpent.
50	L?f and L?f?rasir	L?f and L?f?rasir	Two humans who are foretold to survive the events of Ragnar?k by hiding in a wood called Hoddm?mis holt, and after the flames have abated, to repopulate the newly risen and fertile world
51	Bilskirnir	Bilskirnir	The hall of the god Thor, here he lives with his wife Sif and their children. According to Gr?mnism?l, the hall is the greatest of buildings and contains 540 rooms, located in Asgard, as are all the dwellings of the gods, in the kingdom of ?r??heimr
52	Norns	Norns	Female beings who rule the destiny of gods and men, a kind of d?sir comparable to the Fates in Greek mythology
53	Valkyrie	Valkyrie	One of a host of female figures who decide which soldiers die in battle and which live. Selecting among half of those who die in battle (the other half go to the goddess Freyja's afterlife field F?lkvangr), they bring their chosen to the afterlife hall of the slain, Valhalla, ruled over by the god Odin. There, the deceased warriors become einherjar
54	Brynhildr	Brynhildr	A shieldmaiden and a valkyrie in Norse mythology, who is the daughter of Budli. She appears as a main character in the V?lsunga saga and some Eddic poems treating the same events
55	Thr?d	Thr?d	A daughter of the major god Thor. It is also the name of one of the valkyries who serve ale to the einherjar in Valhalla
56	Gullfaxi	Gullfaxi	A horse in Norse mythology. Its name means Golden mane. It was originally owned by Hrungnir, and was later given to Magni by Thor as a reward for helping him in the fight against Hrungnir
57	Au?umbla	Au?umbla	The primeval cow of Norse mythology. She is attested in Gylfaginning, a part of Snorri Sturluson's Prose Edda, in association with Ginnungagap and Ymir            
			            
