1	Zeus	Zeus	King of the Gods, God of the Sky, Thunder and Lightning and Law, Order and Justice
2	Ares	Ares	God of War
3	Athena	Athena	Goddess of Wisdom, Warfare, Divine intelligence, Architecture and Crafts (but commanly known as goddess of war and wisdom
4	Artemis	Artemis	Goddess of the Hunt, Forests and Hills, the Moon
5	Apollo	Apollo	God of music, poetry, plague, oracles, sun, medicine, light and knowledge
6	Cronus	Cronus	The leader and the youngest of the first generation of Titans, divine descendants of Gaia, the earth, and Uranus, the sky
7	Rhea	Rhea	The Titaness daughter of the sky god Uranus and the earth goddess Gaia
8	Dionysus	Dionysus	God of Wine, Merry Making, Theatre and Ecstasy
9	Hebe	Hebe	Cupbearer to the gods, Goddess of eternal youth
10	Hermes	Hermes	Messenger of the gods, God of commerce, thieves, travelers, sports, athletes, and border crossings, fish, guide to the Underworld
11	Heracles	Heracles	Gatekeeper of Olympus, God of heroes, sports, athletes, health, agriculture, fertility, trade, oracles and divine protector of mankind
12	Helen of Troy	Helen of Troy	The daughter of Zeus and Leda (or Nemesis), step-daughter of King Tyndareus, wife of Menelaus and sister of Castor, Polydeuces and Clytemnestra
13	Hephaestus	Hephaestus	God of Fire, Metalworking, Stone masonry, and the Art of Sculpture
14	Perseus	Perseus	The first of the heroes of Greek mythology whose exploits in defeating various archaic monsters provided the founding myths of the Twelve Olympians. Perseus was the Greek hero who killed the Gorgon Medusa, and claimed Andromeda, having rescued her from a sea monster sent by Poseidon in retribution for Queen Cassiopeia declaring that her daughter, Andromeda, was more beautiful than the Nereids
15	Minos	Minos	King of Crete, son of Zeus and Europa. After the death, he became a judge of the dead in the underworld
16	Calliope	Calliope	The muse of epic poetry, daughter of Zeus and Mnemosyne, and is believed to be Homer's muse, the inspiration for the Odyssey and the Iliad
17	Clio	Clio	The muse of history. Like all the muses, she is a daughter of Zeus and Mnemosyne. She had one son, Hyacinth, with one of several kings, in various myths - with Pierus, King of Macedon, or with king Oebalus of Sparta, or with king Amyclas, progenitor of the people of Amyclae, dwellers about Sparta
18	Erato	Erato	The Muse of lyric poetry, especially love and erotic poetry
19	Euterpe	Euterpe	"One of the Muses, the daughters of Mnemosyne, fathered by Zeus. Called the \""Giver of delight\"", when later poets assigned roles to each of the Muses, she was the muse of music. In late Classical times she was named muse of lyric poetry and depicted holding a flute"
20	Melpomene	Melpomene	Initially the Muse of Singing, she then became the Muse of Tragedy, for which she is best known now
21	Polyhymnia	Polyhymnia	The Muse of sacred poetry, sacred hymn and eloquence as well as agriculture and pantomime
22	Terpsichore	Terpsichore	One of the nine Muses, ruling over dance and the dramatic chorus
23	Thalia	Thalia	"The Muse who presided over comedy and idyllic poetry. In this context her name means \""flourishing\"", because the praises in her songs flourish through time. She was the daughter of Zeus and Mnemosyne, the eighth-born of the nine Muses"
24	Urania	Urania	The muse of astronomy and a daughter of Zeus by Mnemosyne and also a granddaughter of Uranus. Some accounts list her as the mother of the musician Linus by Apollo, and Hymenaeus also is said to have been a son of her
25	Graces	Graces	Goddesses of charm, beauty, nature, human creativity and fertility
26	Gaia	Gaia	Primordial Being of the Earth
27	Amalthea	Amalthea	The most-frequently mentioned foster-mother of Zeus
28	Oceanus	Oceanus	Titan of Water, Seas, Lakes, Rivers, Oceans, Streams and Ponds
29	Aphrodite	Aphrodite	Goddess of love, beauty and sexuality
30	Leto	Leto	A daughter of the Titans Coeus and Phoebe and the sister of Asteria. The island of Kos is claimed as her birthplace
31	Enyo	Enyo	"An ancient goddess of war, acting as a counterpart and companion to the war god Ares. She is also identified as his sister, and daughter of Zeus and Hera, in a role closely resembling that of Eris; with Homer in particular representing the two as the same goddess. She is also accredited as the mother of Enyalius, a minor war god, by Ares"
32	Poseidon	Poseidon	God of the sea, earthquakes, storms, and horses
33	Phoebe	Phoebe	One of the original Titans, who were one set of sons and daughters of Uranus and Gaia. She was traditionally associated with the moon. Her consort was her brother Coeus, with whom she had two daughters, Leto, who bore Apollo and Artemis, and Asteria, a star-goddess who bore an only daughter Hecate
34	Mnemosyne	Mnemosyne	The personification of memory in Greek mythology. This titaness was the daughter of Gaia and Uranus and the mother of the nine Muses by Zeus
35	Aega	Aega	Daughter of Olenus, who was a descendant of Hephaestus (according to Hyginus). Aega and her sister Helice nursed the infant Zeus in Crete, and the former was afterwards changed by the god into the constellation called Capella.
36	Pan	Pan	God of Nature, the Wild, Shepherds, Flocks, Goats, of Mountain Wilds,and is often associated with sexuality
37	Ananke	Ananke	Personification of destiny, necessity and fate, depicted as holding a spindle. She marks the beginning of the cosmos, along with Chronos. She was seen as the most powerful dictator of all fate and circumstance which meant that mortals, as well as the Gods, respected her and paid homage
38	Atropos	Atropos	"The oldest of the three Moirai, goddesses of fate and destiny, was known as the \""inflexible\"" or \""inevitable.\"""
39	Clotho	Clotho	The youngest of the Three Fates or Moirai,  she was responsible for spinning the thread of human life. She also made major decisions, such as when a person was born, thus in effect controlling people's lives.
40	Lachesis	Lachesis	The second of the Three Fates, or Moirai. She was the apportioner, deciding how much time for life was to be allowed for each person or being. She measured the thread of life with her rod. She is also said to choose a person's destiny after a thread was measured
41	Demeter	Demeter	Goddess of the harvest, who presided over grains and the fertility of the earth. Her cult titles include Sito as the giver of food or corn and Thesmophoros as a mark of the civilized existence of agricultural society
42	Persephone	Persephone	Daughter of Zeus and the harvest-goddess Demeter, and queen of the underworld. Homer describes her as the formidable, venerable majestic queen of the shades, who carries into effect the curses of men upon the souls of the dead
43	Dione	Dione	Goddess primarily known as the mother of Aphrodite
44	Eos	Eos	A Titaness and the goddess of the Dawn, who rose each morning from her home at the edge of the Oceanus
45	Ersa	Ersa	The goddess of dew and the daughter of Zeus and the Moon (Selene), sister of Pandia and half-sister to Endymion's 50 daughters
46	Eris	Eris	Goddess of strife and discord. Her Greek opposite is Harmonia, whose Latin counterpart is Concordia
47	Orion	Orion	A giant huntsman in Greek mythology whom Zeus placed among the stars
48	Manes	Manes	The eponymous first king of Maeonia, and later came to be known as the first king in line of the primordial house of Lydia, the Atyad dynasty. He was believed to be a son of Gaia and Zeus
49	Nemesis	Nemesis	"The spirit of divine retribution against those who succumb to hubris (arrogance before the gods). Another name was Adrasteia, meaning \""the inescapable\"". The Greeks personified vengeful fate as a remorseless goddess: the goddess of revenge"
50	Maia	Maia	One of the Pleiades and the mother of Hermes, she was the daughter of Atlas and Pleione the Oceanid
51	Selene	Selene	Titaness of the Moon, an archaic lunar deity and the daughter of the Titans Hyperion and Theia
52	Nemean lion	Nemean lion	" The offspring of Typhon (or Orthrus) and Echidna; it is also said to have fallen from the moon as the offspring of Zeus and Selene, or alternatively born of the Chimera. He was sent to the Peloponnesus to terrorize the city"
53	Callisto	Callisto	A nymph of Artemis. Transformed into a bear and set among the stars, she was the bear-mother of the Arcadians, through her son Arcas
54	Dana?	Dana?	A daughter of King Acrisius of Argos and his wife Queen Eurydice. She was the mother of Perseus by Zeus. She was sometimes credited with founding the city of Ardea in Latium
55	Electra	Electra	One of the seven daughters of Atlas and Pleione, she was the wife of Corythus. She was raped by Zeus and gave birth to Dardanus
56	Harmonia	Harmonia	The immortal goddess of harmony and concord, she is the daughter of Ares and Aphrodite
57	Europa	Europa	"A Phoenician woman of high lineage. The story of her abduction by Zeus in the form of a white bull was a Cretan story; as Ker?nyi points out most of the love-stories concerning Zeus originated from more ancient tales describing his marriages with goddesses"
58	Rhadamanthus	Rhadamanthus	A wise king, the son of Zeus and Europa. Later accounts even make him out to be one of the judges of the dead. His brothers were Sarpedon and Minos (also a king and later a judge of the dead)
59	Himalia	Himalia	A nymph in Greek mythology. Zeus was enamoured with her and she produced three sons with him, Spartaios, Kronios, and Kytos
60	Leda	Leda	Daughter of the Aetolian king Thestius, and wife of the king Tyndareus, of Sparta. Her myth gave rise to the popular motif in Renaissance and later art (with the swan). She was the mother of Helen of Troy, Clytemnestra, and Castor and Pollux
61	Dioscuri	Dioscuri	Twin brothers,  their mother was Leda, but one of them was the mortal son of Tyndareus, king of Sparta, and the other was the divine son of Zeus, who raped Leda in the guise of a swan. Though accounts of their birth are varied, they are sometimes said to have been born from an egg, along with their twin sisters Helen of Troy and Clytemnestra
62	Pandora	Pandora	"The first woman. As Hesiod related it, each god helped create her by giving her unique gifts. Zeus ordered Hephaestus to mold her out of earth as part of the punishment of humanity for Prometheus' theft of the secret of fire, and all the gods joined in offering her \""seductive gifts\"""
63	Plouto	Plouto	A nymph and the mother of Tantalus by Zeus. Her parents were Oceanus and Tethys. or Himas, a Lydian that was otherwise unknown. She was said to be married to Tmolus, the stepfather of Tantalus
64	Tantalus	Tantalus	A mythological figure, most famous for his eternal punishment in Tartarus. He was made to stand in a pool of water beneath a fruit tree with low branches, with the fruit ever eluding his grasp, and the water always receding before he could take a drink. He was the father of Pelops, Niobe and Broteas, and was a son of Zeus and the nymph Plouto            
